Adding fiveg gnb identity relation interface (#103)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/fiveg_gnb_identity/v0/README.md

# `fiveg_gnb_identity`

## Usage

> Within 5G, the gNodeB (a 5G base station) identity need to be know by other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within 5G, the gNodeB (a 5G base station) identity needs to be known by other components.
```
